# Amayi Terms of Service
> Last Updated: 8/19/2024

By using Amayi (the "Client") and any of its affiliated services you (the "User") agree to be bound by the following Terms of Service Agreement (the "Agreement") and the accompanying [Privacy Policy]. If the User does not agree to this Agreement they should immediately discontinue the usage of our Client and the Dashboard.
## Definitions
For the purposes of these Terms of Service:
- **"Client"** refers to the Discord Application known as and referred to as "Amayi" in this document.
- **"Dashboard"** refers to the website that allows our users to customize the usage of our Client.
## Client Usage
The Client is provided as-is, without any guarantee of uptime or performance. We may experience hardware, software, or other problems or need to perform maintenance on the Client, resulting in interruptions, delays, or errors. You agree that we have no liability whatsoever for any loss, damage, or inconvenience caused by the inability to access or use the Client during any downtime or discontinuance of the Client. Nothing in this Agreement will be construed to obligate us to maintain and support the Client or to supply any corrections, updates, or releases in connection therewith.

We reserve the right to change, revise, update, suspend, discontinue, or otherwise modify the Client at any time or for any reason at our sole discretion without notice. We also reserve the right to discontinue all or part of the Client without notice at any time. We will not be liable to you or any third-party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Client.
### Prohibited Activities
You may not access or use the Client for any purpose other than that for which we make the Client available. As a user of the Client, you agree not to:
- Trick, defraud, or mislead us and other users, especially in any attempt to learn sensitive account information such as passwords.
- Use the Client in a manner that is inconsistent with any applicable laws or regulations.
- Exchange any type of virtual items or currency in exchange for real currency.
- Use any information obtained from the Client in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person.
- Upload or share viruses, trojan horses, or any other material that may harm any parties usage of the Client.
- Circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Client.
- Disparage, tarnish, or otherwise harm, in our opinion, us and/or the Client.
## User Data
We care about data privacy and security. Please review our Privacy Policy: (link). By using our services you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy. We will maintain certain data that you transmit to our services for the purposes of managing the performance of our services as well as data relating to your use of the Client. Although we perform regular backups, you are solely responsibly for all data that you transmit or that relates to any activity you have undertaken using our services. You agree that we shall have no liability to you for any loss or corruption of any such data, and you hereby waive any right of action against us arising from any such loss or corruption of such data.

Please be advised our services are hosted in the United States. If you access our services from any other region of the world with laws or other requirements governing personal data collection, use, or disclosure that differ from applicable laws in the United States, then through your continued use of our services you agree to have your data transferred to and processed in the United States. Further, we do not knowingly accept, request, or solicit information from children or knowingly market to children. Therefore in accordance with the U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"), if we receive actual knowledge that anyone under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us without the requisite and verifiable parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as is reasonably practical.
## Management
We reserve the right, but not the obligation, to (1) monitor the our services for violations of these Terms of Service; (2) take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in our sole discretion, violates the law or this Agreement, including without limitation, reporting such user to law enforcement authorities; (3) in our sole discretion and without limitation, refuse, restrict access to, limit the availability of, or disable (to the extent technologically feasible) any of your Contributions or any portion thereof; (4) in our sole discretion and without limitation, notice, or liability, to remove the service or otherwise disable all files and content that are excessive in size or are in any way burdensome to our systems; and (5) otherwise manage our services in a manner designed to protect our rights and property and to facilitate the proper functioning of our services.
## Term and Termination
This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect while you use the Client. Without limiting any other provision of this Agreement, we reserve the right to deny access to and prohibit the usage of our Services to any person for any reason or no reason at all without notice or liability.

If we terminate or suspend access to our services for any reason, you are prohibited from using a new account under any name, even if you may be acting on behalf of a third-party. In addition to terminating or suspending your access, we reserve the right to take appropriate legal action, including without limitation pursuing civil, criminal, and injunctive redress.
## Modifications
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to make changes or modifications to these Terms of Service from time to time. We will alert you about any changes by updating the "Last Updated" date of this Agreement and you waive any right to receive specific notice of each such change. Please ensure that you check the applicable Terms every time you use our Client so you understand which Terms apply. You will be subject to, and will be deemed to have been made aware of and to have accepted the changes in any revised Terms of Service by your continued usage of our services after the date such revised Terms of Service are posted.
## Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America.
## Disclaimer
You agree that your use of our Client and its affiliated services will be at your sole risk. To the fullest extend permitted by law, we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, in connection with our services and your use thereof. We make no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of our services content, or the content of any websites linked to the service and we will assume no liability or responsibility for any (1) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content and materials, (2) personal injury or property damage of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of the service, (3) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information store therein, (4) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the website, (5) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like which may be transmitted to or through the bot by any third-party, and/or (6) any errors or omissions in any content and materials or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available by our services. We do not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a third-party through the bot, any hyperlinked website, or any website or mobile application featured in any transaction between you and any third-party providers of products or services. As with the purchase of a product or service through any medium or in any environment, you should use your best judgement and exercise caution where appropriate.
## Limitations of Liability
In no event will we would be liable to you or any third-party for any direct, indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special, or punitive damages, including lost profit, lost revenue, loss of data, or other damages arising from your use of our services, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, our liability to you for any cause whatsoever and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to the amount paid, if any, by you to us. Certain US state laws and international laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers or limitations may not apply to you, and you may have additional rights.
## Contact Us
TODO